alerts: increase MimirBucketIndexNotUpdated pending to  5m (#11193)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Dashboards: Add panels to the `Mimir / Tenants` and `Mimir / Top Tenants` dashboards showing the rate of gateway requests. #10978
* [ENHANCEMENT] Alerts: Improve `MimirIngesterFailsToProcessRecordsFromKafka` to not fire during forced TSDB head compaction. #11006
* [BUGFIX] Dashboards: fix "Mimir / Tenants" legends for non-Kubernetes deployments. #10891

> * [CHANGE] Alerts: Change pending period for `MimirBucketIndexNotUpdated` alert to fire after being 5m active to avoid false positives. #11193

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Alerts: Change pending period for the`MimirBucketIndexNotUpdated` alert to fire after being active for five minutes to avoid false positives. #11193
```
